fortunately the working conditions for cryptologist you're pretty good
compared to a lot of people in the service %HESITATION because of the
very sophisticated information that we're seeking and the very sophisticated
gear that we used to collect that information it does really
require the office like setting a requires air conditioning for
instance when I was a continent right up on the DMZ in Vietnam %HESITATION
we all live in bunkers all the time because we took rockets
and mortars constantly %HESITATION but are the cripple IT bunker was
the only bunker in the content astonishment that had its own air conditioner
and we had the only %HESITATION generator that ran twenty
four hours a day so we could keep the air conditioner going and the
%HESITATION infantry people thought that was pretty good living fortunately
they didn't have to come in our bunker because our bunker was
hotter than blazes anyway because most air conditioning was of course
not to protect us %HESITATION but to protect the very sincere electronic
equipment that we were using at that time largely cryptologist
working office like setting %HESITATION was surrounded by like trying
to gear and there's kinds of analytic devices